Usage:
    qotd [options]

Outputs a Quote of the Day to shell.

There are a few options to configure qotd. Generally
speaking, however, qotd has two modes - online and offline.


Online Mode:

By default, qotd will check for internet connectivity. If
no connection is found, qotd will fall back to offline mode.
If a connection is found, qotd will fetch a quote from a
public API. If, for some reason, this request fails - qotd
will fall back to offline mode. Otherwise, qotd will output
the quote to the shell and determine how to save the quote
to the local data store.

Storing:

There are predefined quotes supplied with qotd, and a
maximum number of quotes to hold. This can be changed
via settings. When determining how to store the current
quote in the data store, qotd will compare the current
length of quotes stored against the maximum setting.

If the length of the quotes is over the maximum setting,
qotd will insert the quote at a random index from 0 to the
maximum setting (inclusive) - then qotd will prune the
list of quotes to the maximum setting.

If the length of the quotes is equal to the maximum
setting, qotd will replace a quote in the current list
with the current quote.

If the length of the quotes is less than the maximum
setting, qotd will insert the quote at a random index
from 0 to the length of the existing quotes list
(inlusive).

Offline Mode:

When running in offline mode, qotd makes no attempt to
load a quote from the internet, nor store a quote in the
local data store. Offline mode simply fetches a quote from
the existing data store and outputs it to the shell.


Options:

    -h, ?, --help               output usage information
    -v, --version               output version number
    -m, --max                   supplying a boolean to
                                max outputs the current
                                length and max of the
                                data store
    -m, --max=<max>             specify upper limit of
                                quotes to hold in local
                                data store
    -q, --quote-color=<color>   specify the color of the
                                quote output
    -a, --author-color=<color>  specify the color of the
                                author output
    -C, --no-colors             disable color output
    -x, --offline               skip connection check
                                load from local data store

Settings:

  Max:
  Outputs current length/max to shell or updates the data
  store.

  Quote Color:
  Changes the color of the output to the supplied value.
  NOTE: qotd uses Chalk
  Therefore, valid names are chalk names and styles.
  (e.g. bold.blue)

  Author Color:
  Changes the color of the output to the supplied value.
  NOTE: qotd uses Chalk
  Therefore, valid names are chalk names and styles.
  (e.g. bold.blue)

  No Colors:
  Removes colorized output.

  Offline:
  Local only
